nissan qashqai is already a swagger backing but not yet
nissan qashqai crossover
model developed in europe platform
common country are interesting the Japanese come on or
French reliability
or vice versa the French spoiled the Japanese
model aimed at office workers
and the weaker sex was simply obliged
get courageous hard hat names
nomadic tribe from iran
Levashov auto critic appraiser
car paint soft metal thin
But from me it was work hp does not rust
serious accidents this car was not on
there are a lot of cosmetic defects
tidy will cost too but
This is a great reason for bargaining Russia
qashqai sold with two gasoline
motors with 16 hundred with only
mechanics and front wheel drive this
rich two-liter version 1 times
the city in fact 10 liters on the highway all
down three days in these motors for the chain
According to the manufacturer for life
in reality usually starts to make noise
150,000 mileage depends on driving style
the creators of qashqai and more entertainers and
even simple service work turned
in rats for example for the replacement of candles you need
remove the intake manifold inside
hard and build plastic with playful
the curves of the wells blowing and assholes
try to speed up
motor someone's 140 horses is not enough
autobot order like this does not happen
variable speed drive
design is certainly progressive with
great future but not yet perfect
rare variator will pass more than 150 thousand
without repair and this is already a good result
before incendiary control
Unfortunately you can not call to skype confidently
holds the road no prowl no
swinging but a swarm of some empty
bad feedback and
electric booster on car review
styling complained many
but work it is okay much worse if
ass given the seas to
and this is not rare closer to a hundred thousand and if
Nissan tie rods worn out
will introduce change rail assy
unoriginal trades and work tribes
significantly reduce costs
rear bushings front levers
live no more than eighty thousand
manufacturer to translate lever assembly
before not right here will have
identities manufacturer positions
qashqai as a city car start
should turn around without problems
check
give yourself movement from personal tasks and
check angle e to
30 degrees
the height did not take this city car
but to the curb park boldly front
space compact but comfortably series
even ruslan throw for 2 legroom
passenger zippers with water and at large
wish fit three we will pass that
fit let's go
but Sasha is only a stroller and a suitcase
qashqai crash tests impressed european
experts typing the maximum number
points
ruthless admit only ours no
pedestrians 2 points out of 5
look at the road with a high but pleasant
dirt without part to check everything
Aerodynamics thoughtful side windows
and the mirrors stay clean for a long time
popular model is always an increased risk
please and qashqai steals counts
only on full-time security unreasonableness
to fully return the presentation
this car will have to spend
more than a hundred thousand rubles but if
you can limit yourself only
for example, okay functional
little car on reliability too
a narrow road does not suit all good